text1
text2
text3
Seven bridesmaids in turqoise dresses walking down a street, and three still images of the bride and couple.
Seven bridesmaids in turqoise dresses walking down a street, and three still images of the bride and couple. The bridesmaids walk on the sidewalk towards the camera.
Seven bridesmaids in turqoise dresses walking down a street, and three still images of the bride and couple. The bridesmaids walk on the sidewalk towards the camera. The photos of the couple and bride are taken in a park.
A man and a young girl walking down the street. In front of a car dealer, the man talks on the phone, the girl looks at a car, they enter the store.
A man and a young girl walking down the street. In front of a car dealer, the man talks on the phone, the girl looks at a car, they enter the store. The store is a Porsche dealer, a dark grey sports car is parked.
A man and a young girl walking down the street. In front of a car dealer, the man talks on the phone, the girl looks at a car, they enter the store. The store is a Porsche dealer, a dark grey sports car is parked. The man has short gray hair, both wear dark clothes.
Two shots of nurses measuring the upper arm circumference of kids.
Two shots of nurses measuring the upper arm circumference of kids. They use a green-white tape measure.
Two shots of nurses measuring the upper arm circumference of kids. They use a green-white tape measure. The woman in the second shot wears a shirt with the text 'HOLT International'.
Close-up shot of pouring coffee into a white-blue cup, then an outside shot of a house in snow storm.
Close-up shot of pouring coffee into a white-blue cup, then an outside shot of a house in snow storm. Old-style brass coffee and milk pots.
Close-up shot of pouring coffee into a white-blue cup, then an outside shot of a house in snow storm. Old-style brass coffee and milk pots. Three storey wooden house with white windows.
Shot of a harbour crane in front of mountains, then of three harbour cranes on the left, a ship on the right.
Shot of a harbour crane in front of mountains, then of three harbour cranes on the left, a ship on the right. Ship is seen from the front right, with text 'PROTECT THE ENVIRONMENT' and 'NO SMOKING'.
Shot of a harbour crane in front of mountains, then of three harbour cranes on the left, a ship on the right. Ship is seen from the front right, with text 'PROTECT THE ENVIRONMENT' and 'NO SMOKING'. The harbour cranes are blue and white.
Red elevator doors opening, a bike leans inside, doors closing and reopening, bike is gone.
Red elevator doors opening, a bike leans inside, doors closing and reopening, bike is gone. Zoom-in on bike, zoom-out from empty elevator.
Red elevator doors opening, a bike leans inside, doors closing and reopening, bike is gone. Zoom-in on bike, zoom-out from empty elevator. The bike is silver, the text 'ATOMZ' is visible.
A man holding a microphone and coffee cup walks past a building with a dark gray stone wall, and passes the buildings dark red door with red fences on the sides.
A man holding a microphone and coffee cup walks past a building with a dark gray stone wall, and passes the buildings dark red door with red fences on the sides. The man has brown hair, wears glasses and holds a Starbucks cup.
A man holding a microphone and coffee cup walks past a building with a dark gray stone wall, and passes the buildings dark red door with red fences on the sides. The man has brown hair, wears glasses and holds a Starbucks cup. The upper part of the building is sandstone, and dark gray stairs lead up to the door.
Someone setting letters into a stamp, embossing a name onto an axe cover made of leather, and presenting the axe with the cover.
Someone setting letters into a stamp, embossing a name onto an axe cover made of leather, and presenting the axe with the cover. The first shot shows wooden the box with the letters, the last shot a man on the left holding the axe.
Someone setting letters into a stamp, embossing a name onto an axe cover made of leather, and presenting the axe with the cover. The first shot shows wooden the box with the letters, the last shot a man on the left holding the axe. The man has dark hair and a beard, and wear a sweater with a green/yellow collar.
A sequence from a Photoshop tutorial screencast showing how to adjust image settings of a raw image.
The image being processed shows a view through an Indian-style window.
The image is opened, then lens settings are reviewed and the histogram is adjusted.
A black musician standing in a NYC subway station and talking to people.
A black musician standing in a NYC subway station and talking to people. He wears a white short and a cap, in the second shot one sees he has a drum and a black bag.
A black musician standing in a NYC subway station and talking to people. He wears a white short and a cap, in the second shot one sees he has a drum and a black bag. In the first shot, a sign "EXIT Downtown 6" is visible, in the second "86th" on the wall.
